# OOP Dice

Using the definitions below, write two classes to use with your D&D friends! When complete, this program will allow us to import this module and use the classes to arrange any combination of dice into sets that we can roll as a set.


## Die
Write a Die class to model a die (like you play Yahtzee or Monopoly with).

Instance Attributes
 - `faces`
   - The number of sides on the die.
 - `value`
   - The last rolled value (generated by the roll() method).

Methods
 - `__init__(self, faces=6)`
   - Constructor. `faces` defaults to 6 and `value` defaults to 0.
 - `roll(self)`
   - returns a random number between 1 and numSides (inclusive)
 - `__str__(self)`
   - returns the string version of a die;
      Example: "[d6] 3" where 6 is the number of sides and 3 is the value.

## DiceSet
Write a class named DiceSet that contains a list of Die objects.

Instance Attributes
 - `dice`
   - a list of Die objects

Methods
 - `__init__(self, dice_faces)`
   - The constructor should instantiate the dice list to an empty list if
     no parameters are set.
   - The constructor should take a list of integers. Add one die to the
     dice set for each integer with the number of faces equal to the integer.
 - `pop_die(self, value)`
   - Remove and return the first die with the given value from the list.
 - `add_die(self, die)`
   - Adds the given die (of class Die) to the dice list.
 - `roll(self)`
   - Roll all the die objects in the list of dice and return their sum.
 - `die_values(self)`
   - Return a list of the int values (last rolls) of the dice in the list.
 - `__str__(self)`
   - returns a string version of a dice set.
     Example: "{[d3] 1, [d6] 4, [d12] 5, [d4] 3}"
